# The Nightwatch

* Requires GM bank: **yes**

## Original Text File
```
                          * The Nightwatch *

                   By Bjorn Lynne for the SB AWE32

A light rain was drizzling on the soiled pavement outside Cooper's
2nd floor apartment, where a lonely streetlight provided the only
lumination on the corner of 31st and 2nd. It was late. What time was
it now? 1 am? 2? It didn't really matter. He heard a car drive by a
block away. Probably some poor, miserable taxi driver looking for a
lost soul who might need a ride home. But there was no one. Cooper
gazed at the streetlight, creating light sparkles of white and yellow
in tiny raindrops, as he opened another packet of Lucky Strike
cigarettes and lit one. But his mind was elsewhere; this case had
turned out to be more trouble than it was worth.

This song uses it's own SoundFont file that must be uploaded to the
AWE32's RAM before playing the song. An AWE32 with the standard
memory configuration of 512 kb is sufficient.

1) Start the AWE32 Control Panel.

2) Make sure it's set to GM, *not* GS, as you need all the RAM for
   the SoundFont file.

3) In User Bank 1, locate the "AWERELEN.SBK" file, and double-click on
   it to uplod it to the soundcard's RAM.

4) Now play the song from any MIDI player, like MediaPlayer or
   Cakewalk*.

* If you use Cakewalk, you will also need to change the way that
Cakewalk handles bank-changes. Go to the Settings menu and select
Instruments, Define Instruments, Bank Select Method = "Controller 0
Only". You only need to do this ONCE, so if you've done it before,
forget it.

Note that this music is *not* Public Domain in the sense that you can
use it for whatever you want. It is provided for your personal
listening only, and should not be used for any project, commercially
or non commercially. This goes both for the song itself, AND for the
instruments contained in the .SBK file!

                              Contact:
                              --------
                             Bjorn Lynne
                           Team17 Software
                           Longlands House
                            Wakefield Rd.
                         Ossett, West Yorks.
                               WF5 9JS
                               ENGLAND

                       Email: bjorn@team17.com
                WWW : http://www.team17.com/~bjorn
```
