# The Gathering

* Requires GM bank: **yes**

## Original Text File
```
                           * The Gathering *

                   By Bjorn Lynne for the SB AWE32

This song is taken from my forthcoming CD, "Witchwood", which is
already recorded, but will not be released until March 1996.  I have
tried to recreate as much as possible of the original sound with the
SB AWE32, using only a soundbank that fits in the standard 512kb of
AWE32 RAM.

If you like this song and/or some of my other SB AWE32 songs, maybe
you will consider buying one of my CD's, which contain lots of music
like this, although the CD's obviously sound *a lot* better, as they
are produced with fully professional gear. (Loads of synth etc). If
you're interested in my CD's, pop me a line at bjorn@team17.com or
have a look at my homepage: http://www.team17.com/~bjorn

Instructions:
-------------
This song uses it's own SoundFont file that must be uploaded to the
AWE32's RAM before playing the song. An AWE32 with the standard
memory configuration of 512 kb is sufficient.

1) Start the AWE32 Control Panel.

2) Make sure it's set to GM, *not* GS, as you need all the RAM for
   the SoundFont file.

3) In User Bank 1, locate the "AWEGATHR.SBK" file, and double-click on
   it to uplod it to the soundcard's RAM.

4) Now play the song from any MIDI player, like MediaPlayer or
   Cakewalk*.

* If you use Cakewalk, you will also need to change the way that
Cakewalk handles bank-changes. Go to the Settings menu and select
Instruments, Define Instruments, Bank Select Method = "Controller 0
Only". You only need to do this ONCE, so if you've done it before,
forget it.

Note that this music is *not* Public Domain in the sense that you can
use it for whatever you want. It is provided for your personal
listening only, and should not be used for any project, commercially
or non commercially. This goes both for the song itself, AND for the
instruments contained in the .SBK file.

                              Contact:
                              --------
                             Bjorn Lynne
                           Team17 Software
                           Longlands House
                            Wakefield Rd.
                         Ossett, West Yorks.
                               WF5 9JS
                               ENGLAND

                       Email: bjorn@team17.com
                WWW : http://www.team17.com/~bjorn
```
